README.md, before:

# Interactive TV project

<details>
  <summary>Contents 📝</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#objetivo-🎯">Project goal</a></li>
    <li><a href="#sobre-el-proyecto-🔎">About the project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#deploy-🚀">Deploy</a></li>
    <li><a href="#stack">Stack</a></li>
    <li><a href="#instalación-en-local">Installation</a></li>
    <li><a href="#vistas">Looks</a></li>
    <li><a href="#futuras-funcionalidades">Future implementations</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contribuciones">Contributions</a></li>
    <li><a href="#webgrafia">Webgrafy</a></li>
    <li><a href="#desarrollo">Development</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Project Goal 🎯
Welcome to my interactive TV project! The idea of this project is to recreate a real life TV experience together with a remote on the side. I am using a JavaScript file for the first time in order to make this project dynamic, interactive and fun. 

## About the project 🔎
This project is part of the Full Stack Developer Bootcamp by GeeksHubs Academy. Forever gratefull to them for the help, opportunety and goals set to learn, achieve and prosper as wanted.
  

## Stack
<div align="center">
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/css-1D7CF2?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
</a>
 </div>

## Local installation settings
1. Clone the repository
2. ` $ npm install `
3. ``` $ npm run dev ```
4. ...

## Looks of the page
TV with off screen
<img src="./img/Screenshot 2024-06-07 at 19.16.43.png">  
TV turned on
<img src="./img/Screenshot 2024-06-07 at 19.16.55.png">


## Future functionalities
✅ Make VOL and CH buttons  
⬜ Make the design responsive
⬜ Add MENU button
⬜ ...  

## Contributions
Please feel free to let me know what you think of the project or contribute directly.  

You can do it in 2 ways:

1. Opening an issue
2. Creating a fork repo
    - Creating a new branch
        ```
        $ git checkout -b feature/userName- feature
        ```
    - Making a commit with your update
        ```
        $ git commit -m 'feat: update x thing'
        ```
    - Making a push
        ```
        $ git push origin feature/userName- feauture
        ```
    - Opening a Pull Request

## Webgraphy:
To achieve my project I used the following resources:
- <a href="https://pinterest.com/es"> Images</a>

## Developing:

``` js
 const developer = "datata";

 console.log("Desarrollado por: " + datata);
```

Commit message:

Updated readme for the feautures of the page

README.md, after:

# Interactive TV project

<details>
  <summary>Contents 📝</summary>
  <ol>
    <li><a href="#objetivo-🎯">Project goal</a></li>
    <li><a href="#sobre-el-proyecto-🔎">About the project</a></li>
    <li><a href="#deploy-🚀">Deploy</a></li>
    <li><a href="#stack">Stack</a></li>
    <li><a href="#instalación-en-local">Installation</a></li>
    <li><a href="#vistas">Looks</a></li>
    <li><a href="#futuras-funcionalidades">Future implementations</a></li>
    <li><a href="#contribuciones">Contributions</a></li>
    <li><a href="#webgrafia">Webgrafy</a></li>
    <li><a href="#desarrollo">Development</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

## Project Goal 🎯
Welcome to my interactive TV project! The idea of this project is to recreate a real life TV experience together with a remote on the side. I am using a JavaScript file for the first time in order to make this project dynamic, interactive and fun. 

## About the project 🔎
This project is part of the Full Stack Developer Bootcamp by GeeksHubs Academy. Forever gratefull to them for the help, opportunety and goals set to learn, achieve and prosper as wanted.

## Features
 - Interactive remote and a TV screen simulating real life watching experience
 - DOM usage for dynamic change of channels and info part on the screen
 - Actial date and time showing as well as current channel information at imnfo part
 - Responsive design added making the web page work perfectly on mobile
  

## Stack
<div align="center">
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/HTML">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=HTML5&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://developer.mozilla.org/es/docs/Web/CSS">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/css-1D7CF2?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white"/>
</a>
<a href="https://www.javascript.com/">
    <img src= "https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
</a>
 </div>

## Local installation settings
1. Clone the repository
2. ` $ npm install `
3. ``` $ npm run dev ```
4. ...

## Looks of the page
TV with off screen
<img src="./img/Screenshot 2024-06-07 at 19.16.43.png">  
TV turned on
<img src="./img/Screenshot 2024-06-07 at 19.16.55.png">


## Future functionalities
✅ Make VOL and CH buttons  
⬜ Make the design responsive
⬜ Add MENU button
⬜ ...  

## Contributions
Please feel free to let me know what you think of the project or contribute directly.  

You can do it in 2 ways:

1. Opening an issue
2. Creating a fork repo
    - Creating a new branch
        ```
        $ git checkout -b feature/userName- feature
        ```
    - Making a commit with your update
        ```
        $ git commit -m 'feat: update x thing'
        ```
    - Making a push
        ```
        $ git push origin feature/userName- feauture
        ```
    - Opening a Pull Request

## Webgraphy:
To achieve my project I used the following resources:
- <a href="https://pinterest.com/es"> Images</a>

## Developing:

``` js
 const developer = "datata";

 console.log("Desarrollado por: " + datata);
```
